very funny welcome spoke nicely I could
put my clothes back on because I've
gained a few pounds
it's an emotional problem I tried it
depressant three weeks I lost my ability
to orgasm and multitask this
and a friend that the suicidal myself
yes gonna buy with on a lighter note on
the mother of three I have seven and ten
year old sons and an 82 year old mother
my seven year old Jackson and I watch
Dancing with the Stars and I thought wow
Jackson's going to learn to dance girls
that appreciate him because he can dance
until he's what's it called when the
boobs show with no nipple
and took Jackson the bus stop right
before the bus can delay Society he says
mom your breath smells like coffee you
know I was I was I said there's a lot of
people that think I'm a bisexual but I
don't expect it from he wanted to try
ice-skating I figured why not he got
about a third of the way around the rink
and you want it off I couldn't skate
took my half an hour
having boys we can say
they don't like the bright boys that
bounce off the walls don't have the
science anymore it's all reading and
writing I don't have to beat my boys I
just threaten them in reading writing
and talking about our feelings I think
the punishment like school there's one
teacher I have a particular dance she
told me
five hundred seventy four years
warden Stevens ovaries why why is it
that fake orgasm when the true power is